feat: adds spending limits page (#227)
bcnmy/docs: versioned_docs/version-3.0/dashboard/spendingLimits.md

---
sidebar_label: "Spending Limits"
sidebar_position: 4
---

> # Add a global limit
> 
> Navigate to the Paymaster you have created, then click rules and spending. If this is the first time you are adding a limit the page will look like this:
> 
> ![new limit](../images/limits/new_limit.png)
> 
> Click on Add limit button inside Global Limit card and the new global limit modal will appear.
> Inside the modal you will be presented with the option of choosing:
> 
> - Threshold type (Gas Spend | Number of user operations)
> - Threshhold value
> - Cycle duration (minimum 1 hour, maximum 23 hours)
> 
> After clicking Create button the limit will be created.
> 
> ![add global limit](../images/limits/global_limit_modal.png)
> 
> ## Add a user limit
> 
> Click on Add limit button inside User Limit card and the new user limit modal will appear.
> Both the global and the user limit modals are very simiar and offer same options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add a global limit

Navigate to the Paymaster you have created, then click `Rules` and `Spending`. 
If this is the first time you are adding a limit the page will look like this:

![new limit](../images/limits/new_limit.png)

Click on `Add limit ` inside the Global Limit card and the new global limit modal will appear.
Inside the modal you will be presented with the option of choosing:

- Threshold type (Gas Spend | Number of user operations)
- Threshold value
- Cycle duration (minimum 1 hour, maximum 23 hours)

After clicking `Create` the limit will be created.

![add global limit](../images/limits/global_limit_modal.png)

## Add a user limit

Click on `Add limit` inside User Limit card and the new user limit modal will appear.
Both the global and the user limit modals are very similar and offer the same options.
```
